JAVA BASIC PROGRAMS
Java Program to Add two Numbers
Java Program to Multiply two Numbers
Java Program to check if a number is Positive or Negative
Java Program to Find Sum of Natural Numbers
Java Program to add two complex numbers
Java Program to Check Even or Odd Number
Java Program to display even numbers from 1 to n or 1 to 100
Java Program to display odd numbers from 1 to n or 1 to 100
Java Program to check Leap Year
    To determine whether a year is a leap year, follow these steps:
        1. If the year is evenly divisible by 4, go to step 2. Otherwise, go to step 5.
        2. If the year is evenly divisible by 100, go to step 3. Otherwise, go to step 4.
        3. If the year is evenly divisible by 400, go to step 4. Otherwise, go to step 5.
        4. The year is a leap year (it has 366 days).
        5. The year is not a leap year (it has 365 days).
Java Program to check whether input character is vowel or consonant
Java Program to calculate simple interest
    Simple Interest = (P × R × T)/100
Java Program to calculate compound interest
    P (1 + R/n) ^ (nt) - P
Java Program to find quotient and remainder
Java Program to calculate power of a number
Java Program to reverse a number
Java Program to find Largest of three numbers
Java Program to swap two numbers using bitwise operator
Java Program to find smallest of three numbers using ternary operator
Java Program to find largest of three numbers using ternary operator
Java Program to make a calculator using switch case


JAVA ARRAYS PROGRAMS
Java Program to Calculate average of numbers using Array
Java Program to Add the numbers of an Array
Java Program to reverse an array
Java Program to sort an array in ascending order
Java Program to find Factorial of a number using Recursion
Java Program to convert char Array to String
Java Program to Add Two Matrix Using Multi-dimensional Arrays


JAVA PROGRAMS ON GEOMETRICAL CALCULATIONS
Java Program to Calculate Area of Rectangle
Java Program to Calculate Area of Square
Java Program to Calculate the area of Triangle
Java Program to Calculate Area and Circumference of Circle



